Let's go!
You are not afraid of ghosts
I believe in science, okay?
A beautiful woman with long legs
Why kill people?
My colleague recruited you and you think my legs look good, right?
Is it white and long? Touch it.
You take
For me, Song is a person who sees color and is eager to see it.
Well, at your level, you are still diligent in catching thieves
You were still a cook when I killed you
Hey
Uh-huh.
Rogue, you let me touch it
You are a bandit and I am a hooligan
who to lose
How do you have zombie medicine?
This zombie drug
After rushing, you can be at the mercy of others
Hmph, is that so?
Then you can do whatever you want now
You are welcome bro
Do you think I'm stupid?
I can't move when I touch you now
Say
Why do you want to kill people through soldiers?
It's not stupid. It's rare
They deserve to die
I'm here for revenge.
OK
Hey, what's wrong with you?
I can't solve this zombie drug either.
He misunderstood that the wolf killed the wolf
This woman is also a bandit
Hey, let me ask you, this zombie drug is banned
How did you get that name?
Xiaofang
The driver told me.
He knows how my brother died